docs: Change community contributions in README (#63)
ignite/apps: README.md

For support, questions, or feedback, please open an issue in this repository.

### **Community Build Apps**

The Ignite Apps ecosystem thrives on community contributions, offering a space for developers to share, showcase, and collaborate on Ignite integrations. If you've built an app that leverages Ignite CLI and wish to share it with the community, we encourage you to do so by following these guidelines:

### **Create Your Repository**

> 1. **Setup Your Project:** Begin by creating a new repository for your project on GitHub. This repository will host your app's code, documentation, and other relevant materials.
> 2. **Choose a License:** It's important to choose an appropriate license for your project. This ensures that others know how they can legally use, modify, and distribute your app. If you're unsure which license to use, GitHub's licensing guide can help you decide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Setup Your Project:** Begin by creating a new repository for your project on GitHub. This repository will host your app's code, documentation, and other relevant materials.
2. **Choose a License:** Choosing an appropriate license for your project is essential. This ensures that others know how they can legally use, modify, and distribute your app. GitHub's licensing guide can help you decide which license to use if you're unsure.
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion
